there comes here not here not for hot shoe
It footing the changes we arrived villarreal
who arrived late the ball is left for
read the play well as well as for
zapata put in for parra de vira and the
center here does not wait ferry the center
wait pereira the last center entered
true that he massacred Chávez to the corner
referee says it's corner kick
Chavez called for missing corner to be that
number 16 of the fourth match for the
vega zapata rises the public will be
delivered out when workshops lost the
recoil ball that does not go hand in hand
hand with the guide will take the ball
shoe is not in villarreal form or very
I do not even notice this one is slow as
want accommodated to take out the shoe ball
is going to look for the first velásquez stick with
very bad intentions
Wait here do not expect it expected the
hurt they touched it cut the ball by
out by the spicy center back
The pirate
in gold
the level
ante belgrano
from iu
wind of mane of movement
head that spicy you pereyra
left inside the ball after
a prepared play
elevo esteban gonzález and put it
down to the pirate cry for the scream
of belgrano that is just to spend
the grain has a few workshops does not have is
what is commonly known as a goal of
little camp where I snatched is with
sleeping workshops looking at life go
to know in what offer the offer was of
a background stopped an archer who stayed
down the teeth crossbar
gonzález that at this point in his career
see if he's going to grab it from there 48 30
belgrano who breathes and will win at
belgrano with the minimum taxable
just a code team if there are any see
if you know it to river if you know it mouth
San Lorenzo will know
if you know it will be independent if you know
until vélez to take out the balls from
your field is going to ask for weight is
he says dm the ball does not tell him do not delay
lack still make the free throw no
improved viola vélez says weight is
now let's play a minute
because you delayed to take out or lav the
ball 49 of 49 is going to rain that ball
gave the Belgrano is going to stay with the
classic is a silence for a while
the final outbreak I see it when
return to the defense of the you will be
finished if it is returned it has
martín the touch back you play for markel
it is planted marquez plays back plays for
late
barreto castra you play for quiroga goes to
win of the grain is turned to quiroga
the pole against the floor is played by the
side there goes to further stepped on the
balloon market is on the side
He has won belgrano
he has won belgrano in the camper and I do not
I can believe there is an euphoria in the
two grandstands as if they had finished
four to four as if they had followed
champions both and good for the people
That's how it is done singing the
workshops with the effort that your team
will have to do from this end of
next week when it starts
steal again the Argentinian singing the
of Belgrano because he is in a position
exultant in the soccer of the Argentina
because he's singing up next to
the biggest ones see the flags of the
clan and workshops and sir